---
defaults:
  # _posts
  - scope:
      path: ""
      type: posts
    values:
      layout: single
      author_profile: true
      read_time: true
      comments: true
      share: true
      related: true
---
# Hello internet, Welcome to the year of the Blog

It's 2025, My last seamster of undergrad at NIU! This seamster i have 3 classes, 2 online and one in person,
CSCI 480 Principles of Operating systems J. Zhou
CSCI 490 TOpics, Python with D. Koop
and MGMT 33 with J. Burton.

One of t he things i want todo in 2025 is Keep my website up to date, so in hopes todo this im going to try and make a post here at LEAST once a month in 2025, so heres to hoping im able to keep up!

Looking forward to my last undergrad semester! and looking ahead to the potential of grad school, ill be trying to give parodic updates here. Getting into that here is the stat of my current projects.

## Zombie House Defense

I'm taking a break from working on this, and it will continue into spring 2025, im just feeling vary low motivation to work on this project right now. in part to most o0f the people who bought the game on launch having returned it. I Do plan on coming back to this project and finishing it. but i want to work on other projects right now.

## Solomon Initiate tracker

Im lightly working on an  update for this project, Right now im working on porting this project to React, but im  toying with the idea of a .NET / MAUI app but im undecided right now. im also looking to expand it to having both a GM view and a player view. this intrigues me as im also starting a D&D 5th edition game soon and would like one of my players to have a better experience then ones currently available

## Other projects

i am working on some other projects behind the sceens, more to come when im able to, so stay tuned!